The Veterans Affairs Acquisition Academy, or VAAA,
was created to address the growing
supply chain workforce challenge
facing the Department of Veterans Affairs, or VA,
and the federal government overall.
With the loss of institutional knowledge resulting
from baby boomer retirements,
the supply chain workforce has been strained
to keep pace with the increased complexities associated
with supporting the VA mission.
Additionally, oversight of the supply chain function
across the entire federal government has grown dramatically
in recent years.
The level of the educational degree will determine
the qualifications for the higher level positions.
As the supply chain becomes competitive,
it is imperative to have the staff
that can meet the challenges.
Higher levels of education will assist with this goal.
A master's degree is looked upon favorably
and can lead to greater opportunities within SCM.
However, if employees have a bachelor's degree
with a significant level of experience,
then they may qualify for the position as well.